1. I use Web Ed very few times, I still use github but can still manage with little help. This being because i am a semi fast learner. Just because I can pick up things fast but its true some things require more practice and learning. I'm still learning how to create websites and will do so, because learning to create websites is not a learn in a year type of assignment in life, its a spend multiple years learning type of thing. And I want to put more things in them, the more you learn the more fun and creative building websites get.

2. I made a little and they help me understand HTML and CSS because it makes it easier to use. This reason being is why I believe that is because the more you practice and experimenting with HTML and CSS the more you understand about the subjects. And the more that you understand the more you are going to use it because you know how to use it. It makes a larger difference when using it than when you don't use it because if you practice for a long time you know the difference. In conclusion everything you learn about making websites can be integrated to create an even better website.  

3. I strayed from the original layout and created my own and tried to improvise and create a creative and designed website to my personality, I believe i could have made a better one if i had the appropriate tools at home and put some more effort into it, but with all these other classes that give so much homework its hard for me to spend a lot of time doing other things than the required homework from me.

 4. If I made changes to my website I would be sure to put in the correct coding and would add more content such as text or photos to further develop peoples understanding of my website. I would want to change my website, so i could add photos and a background. I would add a video that would even further help my audience understand my website. I could possibly try and add more in the about tab, so my audience could read and understand further. I feel as if could do better for my website.
